1/ What have I accomplished last week? Do I need a second opinion on a specific
patch/topic?
mw:

py:

ta:

vr:

2/ Topics that we want to discuss during the meeting:

3/ What we'll try to do this week:
Check the patchwork list and choose something that you're interested in:
https://patchwork.ozlabs.org/project/linux-mtd/list/?series=&submitter=&state=&q=spi-nor&archive=&delegate=
mw:

py:

ta:

vr:

4/ Meeting notes/minutes

5/TODO queue
mw:
a/ different flash names for same JEDEC vendor ID

py:

ta:
a/ FRAMs, MRAMs, SPI NORs, EEPROMs. Check if we can have a single driver under
mtd.
b/ SFDP init first, then flash_info static init if still needed
c/ frequency sync between SPIMEM and SPI controller

vr:
