Atendees: Pratyush, Tudor, Michael

1/ What have I accomplished last week? Do I need a second opinion on a specific
patch/topic?
mw:

py:

ta:

vr:

2/ Topics that we want to discuss during the meeting:
ta:
- Need to re-roll the ID collisions patches. py to look at the comment replies
  and see if they are fine.

mw:

py:
- Comments from Boris about dropping flash IDs are that we can send a patch
  converting them based on datasheet and ask the original developer who added
  the flash to test/review them. Give them X releases to do so.

vr:

3/ What we'll try to do this week:
Check the patchwork list and choose something that you're interested in:
https://patchwork.ozlabs.org/project/linux-mtd/list/?series=&submitter=&state=&q=spi-nor&archive=&delegate=

py:

ta:
- Repost ID collision patches.

vr:

4/TODO queue - long term goal
mw:
a/ different flash names for same JEDEC vendor ID

py:
a/ Clean up how address width is calculated.

ta:
a/ FRAMs, MRAMs, SPI NORs, EEPROMs. Check if we can have a single driver under
mtd.
b/ SFDP init first, then flash_info static init if still needed
c/ frequency sync between SPIMEM and SPI controller
d/ SPI NOR documentation

vr:
a/ dummy.nbytes conversion to dummy.cycles
